Term Project
        Members;
        
        1. Ahmed Ayub Mohamed -1737641
        2. Ahmad Nasali - 1815091
        3. Conde Lancine - 1729355
        4. Muhammad Syazwan Bin Azman - 1822127
        
Introduction;

       For this projet we chose two non-preemptive algorithms which were; round-robin and priority scheduling and we modified the FCFS version that was provided by the lecturer.
       
Consideration;

       For this project we considered the avarage waiting time and avarage turnaround time for the algorithms and compared them to identify the optimum algorithm that solved the scheduling problem and provided an optimal solution to the problem at hand.
       
FCFS

       After modifying the original algorithm that was provided by the lecturer, we got an output (provided in the FCFS output.png file). The refurbished algorithm yielded a resulting avarage waiting time of 2.67 approximately comparing the results with the other two algorithms, it yielded a similar result in comparison with the priority scheduling algorithm, but had a lesser avarage waiting time in comparison with the round-robin algorithm that resulted in an avarage waiting time slightly higher than the FCFS that was 3. For the avarage turnaround time both FCFS and priority scheduling algorithm yielded a similar result of approxiamtely 4.67, while round-robin yielded a slightly higher turn around time of 5. This algorithm when compared to the other two two algorithms produced a more satisfying result with a lesser waiting time and turnaround time but was of the same with the priority scheduling algorithm.
       
Round-Robin 

      We used this non-preemptive algorithm as our first algorithm after the FCFS algorithm in order to solve the course scheduling problem at hand. We considered the avarage waiting time of the algorithm after it solved the problem. We found that the roun-robin algorithm yielded a higher avarage waiting time of 3 in comparison with the other two algorithms that were to solve the same problemwhich generated an avarage waiting time of approximately 2.67. Furthermore, the algorithm generated a slightly higher avarage turnaround time of 5 in comparison with the other two algorithms. Thus the roundrobin algorithm is less suitable in solving the allocated problem.
      
Priority Scheduling.

      We used this non-preemptive algorithm as our second algorithm after the roun-robin algorithm in order to solve the course scheduling problem at hand. We considered the avarage waiting time of the algorithm after it solved the problem. The algorithm yielded a resulting avarage waiting time of 2.67 approximately comparing the results with the other two algorithms, it yielded a similar result in comparison with the priority scheduling algorithm, but had a lesser avarage waiting time in comparison with the round-robin algorithm that resulted in an avarage waiting time of 3. For the avarage turnaround time both FCFS and priority scheduling algorithm yielded a similar result of approxiamtely 4.67, while round-robin yielded a slightly higher turn around time of 5. This algorithm when compared to the other two two algorithms produced a more satisfying result with a lesser waiting time and turnaround time but was of the same with the FCFS algorithm.
